all right after months upon months of
unrelenting pressure but you Psychopaths
pretending to be my characters on
Twitter I finally got a March store let
this be a lesson kids with enough
harassment you can achieve anything
anyway go check it out or don't whatever
[Music]
hey kids if I learned anything for my
middle school career it's that what may
seem like a good idea initially will
often be remembered only as a foolish
mistake
here's a few pieces of technology from
yesteryear that have since fallen into
total obscurity so I've always believed
that there's no point in having many
small things when you can have one big
thing why have many shrimp when you can
have one lobster why drink many glasses
of milk when you can eat one utter why
have many cheez-its when you can have
one cheese then patent-pending and why
have many streetlights when you could
have one moonlight Tower these guys were
real popular back in the 1880s and 90s
often standing at over a hundred fifty
feet tall and illuminating several
blocks from a single point
not very well mind you matter of fact
they were so dim we didn't even have the
conscious to just call them light towers
had to go and stick the moon on the
front so people didn't get their hopes
up but thanks to our good old friend the
inverse square law you still needed a
[__] tunnel light to pull this off so
they use incredibly harsh and UV
emitting arc lights instead of
incandescent bulbs all the light of the
moon and all the vision damage of the
Sun talk about a win-win sadly these
beasts have fallen by the wayside over
the past century or so except for in
Austin apparently but they use
friendlier mercury vapour lamps in them
so they only get 1/2 points now anyone
who's been around a baby long enough
knows they always have a cloud of
ghoulish stench hovering around them
jeez Louise
somebody better air out that must be a
little muskrat before grandma starts
drooping again you could stick him on
the clothesline for a while but knowing
that a little [__] I'm sure he'd find a
way to hurt himself somehow introducing
the baby cage finally city dwellers all
across the nation have a way of
unleashing their postnatal funk on the
unsuspecting passerby below these were
in vogue for a while before falling out
of style a bit of a way into the 20th
century because apparently society
started deeming babies more valuable
than air conditioners I don't really get
it personally but this is also around
the time we started putting lead in
gasoline so it's probably for the best
we kept them inside all day matter of
fact it's my firm belief that without
growing a breathing lead there's no way
pet rocks would have taken off in the
70s Wow alienating baby boomers he's so
brave and controversial now in the days
between the Great War and the NHANES
grape is still pretty outright war
people were trying to find efficient
means of detecting an incoming air
attack they climbed their nation's
tallest mountains to seek the wisdom of
the greatest elders and the wise men
said big ears so that's what they did
these giant disks were known as acoustic
mirrors and were designed to focus
incoming sound over a five meter
diameter into a single point they were
reasonably effective as listening
devices a few of them in Britain were
able to pick up the sound of a plane
from all the way across the English
Channel course radar came along soon
after rendering these things completely
useless beyond looking brutalist as hell
for real
instant album cover material right here
ah one of the pet boys is pulling a
Spanish Inquisition on this poor wayward
harlot huh just kidding despite the fact
that this looks so very very much like a
state-of-the-art instrument of torture
it's actually just a beauty micrometer
think those shoe size measure things at
Foot Locker only instead of one
primitive measurement it records the
entire topology of your face and skull
at once with this data a trained
cosmetologist would be able to pinpoint
exactly what features of your head
should be enhanced and reduced with
makeup in order to achieve a maximum
calculated attractiveness after you've
paid for their services
clearly this device must have been
effective after all beauty is entirely
objective what I had the beholder check
the nametag buddy apparently the women
didn't like being strapped into a
birdcage and having their every minut
flaw meticulously laid out in front of
them so this thing never really took off
in the end next we have the whom love
this was a device made during World War
two designed to let infantry shoot
around corners it's like the Germans sat
down and watched that part in Tom and
Jerry where the conniving rat bends the
gun barrel back at his adversary they
said my god they came in a variety of
angles between 30 and 90 degrees and
even came with a little periscope so you
could see what you were shooting at but
as we all come to find out when we reach
adolescence cartoons are the arbiters of
deceit because these things would
invariably break within the first couple
hundred shots or so and even when they
did work the rounds would [__]
explode from the massive acceleration
turning a deadly bullet into an
ineffectual spray of shrapnel these are
so ineffective that only the 30-degree
model ever saw significant production
beyond prototypes and even that was very
limited say you ever look at
regular mousetraps and go hmm not enough
property damage well check this out
patented in 1882
it's the revolver mousetrap brought to
you by the makers of the snail trebuchet
and the cockroach Claymore thanks to the
marvels of the modern era all those
tiresome hours of intense varmint slang
can be outsourced to one little gadget
on the floor of your kid's playroom now
when you hear a gunshot in the middle of
the night you can rest easy knowing that
one way or the other there's one less
pest for you to deal with in the morning
boom 1850 steam locomotives are all the
rage you're in the transport business
but all I can afford is a couple dumb
horses sure they move things from point
A to point B almost as well at a
fraction of the cost but you're cool
rail riding friends called you a whack
ass and it really hurt your feelings
well if we got the invention for you the
impulse Oriya uses an ingenious system
of treadmills to turn that horse to be
beckoned into a force to be reckoned
with sure it's expensive as hell to make
and limits your services entirely to
railroads but just look at it instant
[__] mobile Slav some rims in a spoiler
on that you're laughing
this machine is recorded at having a
maximum output of two to four horsepower
which sounds about right
and it didn't see much use outside a
couple exhibitions now if there's one
hobby that people in the past enjoyed
it's smoking
whoo boy did they like smoking and with
every great wholesome activity comes a
million novelty items to go along with
it everyone's seen the long cigarette
but how about the really long cigarette
what a smoke in the rain here you go
going snorkeling hey you know what's
more important than oxygen nicotine but
hey one no the only thing better than a
cigarette to cigarettes you know what
[__] it have the whole pack you earned
it of course if you're trying to cut
back you can always share with a friend
oh how heart burning but you know it's
even more fun than addiction
high-quality documentaries that's why
you should check out curiosity stream
from the face behind the Discovery
Channel curiosity stream lets you stuff
your little meatus is full of all the
bizarre knowledge the world has to offer
and with over 2,400 titles there's no
way there isn't something that interests
you here remember secret life of pets
trash movie turgid prose stilted
dialogue pandering humour and above all
highly unrealistic on the other hand the
secret life of dogs is an absolute
treasure
did you know they turn their tongues in
a weird inside-out ladles when they
drink just one of the many fun facts
found inside normally full access to
curiosity stream only costs $2.99 a
month or $20 a year which is nothing
that's like a McDonald's run every four
months but if you still have your doubts
you can get 30 days for
if you sign up at curiosity stream comm
slash Salmonella and use promo code
Salmonella during the signup process
anyway that's all for today until next
time i'm salmonella and check out this
JPEG
[Music]